doc: add governance for LFX Crowdfunding account (#1313)
nodejs/TSC: Nodejs-Bug-Bounty-Security-Fund.md

# Node.js Bug Bounty/Security Fund

> The TSC maintains a LFX Crowdfunding account to accept

Author: ```suggestion
The TSC maintains a Linux Foundation Crowdfunding account to accept
```

> The TSC maintains a LFX Crowdfunding account in order to accept

Reviewer: Will people know what LFX is? (I don't, unless it's Linux Foundation, in which case maybe we should spell that out?)

Author: expanded

> The TSC maintains a LFX Crowdfunding account in order to accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TSC maintains a LFX Crowdfunding account to accept
```

> the project component of bug bounties paid out by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the project's share of bug bounties paid out by the
```

[Hackerone](https://www.hackerone.com/) bug bounty program.

> The funds in the account are intended to be used by the TSC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The funds are to be used
```

to encourage contributions to the project with respect to
security and in particular the handling of vulnearabilities.

This document outlines the use this account.

## Account details

The [account](https://crowdfunding.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/initiative/578a541a-4e7e-47a2-99b9-6cbf49b00c20)

> is associated with and LFX account. The user id and password

Reviewer: "is associated with and LFX account" Is that supposed to be "an LFX"?  You use "a LFX" above. Pick one and stick with it.

Author: ```suggestion
is associated with and Linux Foundation Crowdfunding account. The user id and password
```

> is shared with TSC members through 1password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are shared with TSC members through 1password.
```

Reviewer 2: Is it shared with a subset of TSC members? I don't have access to any Node.js-related 1Password vault.
